When we aggregate data in our streaming applications,
we're creating a point in time view of the data.
This point in time analysis represents the equivalent of a snapshot in time.
Unlike streams which are ordered, boundless, and immutable,
tables are bounded, mutable,
and not necessarily ordered.
Tables are how we most often derive
insights from the influx of data from our streams and topics.
As new data arrives into our aggregate calculations,
our stream processing applications update an aggregated view of that data in time.
This process is in effect constructing a table.
So here, as events flow through,
this is an example of what we previously saw.
Timed out page flows through Kafka,
or grouping by the page,
and then updating a table which contains the page count that we've seen.
Returning to the example from our stream section,
we might use tables in our real-time pricing application to aggregate demand
by neighborhood and city over a sliding window of the last 30 minutes.
This type of operation is a common use case of streaming tables.
To accomplish building a table,
we could perform a group by on the incoming demand data
to map neighborhood name to number of search requests.
The output table that we build will be constantly
updating as a new search request actions arrive.
So here, we have an action that someone
searched and the area or neighborhood that they searched in.
Here we're going to group by the neighborhood and count a total.
So as these events flow through Kafka and our stream processor,
will constantly be updating the values in our table with new counts.
So here we search wicker park.
If this were to flow through a stream processor,
we will update wicker park to be 8,473 after this event flows through.